---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "armis_collectors Data Source - armis"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves Armis collector information
---

# armis_collectors (Data Source)

Retrieves Armis collector information

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Read in collector information
data "armis_collectors" "lab" {}

output "armis_lab_collectors" {
  description = "Armis virtual appliances in the lab"
  value       = data.armis_collectors.lab.collectors[*].name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `collectors` (Attributes List) A list of Armis collectors. Each object contains detailed information about a collector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--collectors))

<a id="nestedatt--collectors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `collectors`

Read-Only:

- `boot_time` (String) The boot time of the collector, represented as a timestamp.
- `city` (String) The city where the collector is located.
- `cluster_id` (Number) The unique identifier of the cluster to which the collector belongs.
- `collector_number` (Number) A number that uniquely identifies the collector.
- `country` (String) The country where the collector is located.
- `default_gateway` (String) The default gateway associated with the collector.
- `https_proxy_redacted` (String) The HTTPS proxy configuration for the collector, with sensitive information redacted.
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address assigned to the collector.
- `last_seen` (String) The last time the collector was active, represented as a timestamp.
- `mac_address` (String) The MAC address of the collector's network interface.
- `name` (String) The name of the collector.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace within which the collector operates.
- `product_serial` (String) The serial number of the collector's hardware.
- `status` (String) The current status of the collector (e.g., active, inactive).
- `subnet` (String) The subnet associated with the collector.
- `system_vendor` (String) The vendor of the system running the collector.
- `type` (String) The type of collector, indicating its purpose or configuration.
