---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "armis_user Data Source - armis"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves Armis user information. If an email is provided, the data source will retrieve information about the specified user
---

# armis_user (Data Source)

Retrieves Armis user information. If an email is provided, the data source will retrieve information about the specified user

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Read in user information
data "armis_user" "user" {
  email = armis_user.test_user.email
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `email` (String) An optional email address used to filter the retrieved user information. If specified, only the user matching this email will be returned.

### Read-Only

- `users` (Attributes List) A computed list of users. Each object in the list contains detailed information about a user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users))

<a id="nestedatt--users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) The email address of the user.
- `id` (String) A unique identifier for the user.
- `is_active` (Boolean) Indicates whether the user account is active.
- `last_login_time` (String) The timestamp of the user's last login, formatted as a string.
- `location` (String) The physical location or address of the user.
- `name` (String) The full name of the user.
- `phone` (String) The user's phone number.
- `pov_eula_signing_date` (String) The date when the user signed the Proof of Value (PoV) End User License Agreement (EULA).
- `prod_eula_signing_date` (String) The date when the user signed the Production End User License Agreement (EULA).
- `report_permissions` (String) The level of permissions the user has for generating or accessing reports.
- `role` (String) The user's role within the system.
- `role_assignment` (Attributes List) A list of role assignments for the user. Each object contains details about a specific role. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users--role_assignment))
- `title` (String) The job title of the user.
- `two_factor_authentication` (Boolean) Indicates whether the user has two-factor authentication enabled.
- `username` (String) The username associated with the user's account.

<a id="nestedatt--users--role_assignment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `users.role_assignment`

Read-Only:

- `name` (List of String) The names of the roles assigned to the user.
